SWISHER, ASHLEY NICOI E

‘ Page 5
JST Ofﬁcial Transcript Explanation

)is the nation'su ' ‘
_ nitvrng voice for hi h ‘
c . . g er educiitinn. M' l '
policy through ridVocacy. research. and program initial'F ‘me I" " "WWW" km" "" by ”'El‘"
al authority, emnlo ’VEﬁ- M E l

_ Military Programs evaluates formal
I .
y in: the servlcei of terims ofiutiiectmatter specialists from cnllezei and

erien ‘ ,
Service.aspx). p (a “I the Armed s"""‘ l‘ h"

ACE. the American Associrition of (‘ol e ' ' '
have developed a set of guidelines cont-inleiii’ii‘ihliegmr." "d Adm“
room/Pages/Joint»Statemeotnin-the—Transt‘er—
policies dealing with transfer,
settings

l ' «inns Ofﬁcers lAAt‘RAO). and the Council for Higher Edut'llion Accreditation
.oint Statement on the Transfer and Award of

.nd_Aw“d,o'_C d1 (‘rfdit {http://www aceneledu/news—

“Input”: ““1 “W.” of ‘1'. 1." i .Ispx) that are lntended to serve as n guide forinstirutinns developing or reviewing
n. Mo"- f . cre 'l or courses rind occupnnona completed in ii variety of inititutinnal and extrainstitutinull
_ in orrnstion on guidelines for awarding credit for courses

. and occu ations a earin on JST transcri ts is
2003 Academic Record and Transcript Guide. P W E P
request copies of JST transcri

 

 

Service members may
transcripts or make any ad
specific Operations Centers
these documenm by contatti

‘ . _ _ pts directly from the Operation Centers at bttps://jst.doded.mil. ACE does not isuue these
Justtueiits to missing or incorrect information contained in them. Service members must contact the respective service
for adjustments or correcti

ons to the transcripts. Colleges and universities may also receive web—based ofﬁcial copies of
rig the JST Operations Center atjst@doded.in .

Understanding JST Transcripts

The full exhibit and datription for courses and occupations listed on .IST transcripts can be found in the Guide to the Evaluation of Educational

Experient‘ts in the Armed Services which is availableonly online at: (http://wwwiaceneudu/news-room/pages/niilitary-guide—onﬁneaspx) and updated
on a daily basis as new courses and occupations are evaluated for recommended credit.
Key to transcript terms:

Military Course II) » This is the number the military service has assigned for this particular course.
SH - Semﬁter hours.

ACE ld eotiﬁer - The number ACE assigns a particular course. Courses are identiﬁed by a Z—letter preﬁx that designates the military service (AF — Air
Force. AR . Army, CG - Coast Guard, DD - Department of Defense, MC — Marine Corps, and NV - Navy), followed by a unique eightedig'it course
identiﬁer.

ACE Credit Recommendation is listed in semester hours, in the following categories:

V = Vocational: L = Lower level (freshman or sophomore level); U = Upper level (Junior or Senior Level); G = Graduate level.

Dates Taken/Data Held - Courses and occupations will normally have a start and end date that will show the time period the course was completed or
the occupation was held

Location — Valid location(s) where the course was completed.
Occupational Codes;
Army M05:

M05 - Army MOS his 5 digits. The ﬁrstS digits identify the occupational specialty and the last 2 digits identify the skill level (ELEd = skill
levelli]; ES : skill lmi 20; £6 = skill level 30; E7 = skill level 40; E8 - skill level 50; E9 = skill level 60).
ery Ram and Ratings:

NER » Navy enlisted rates are occupation identiﬁcations assigned to personnel at paygrades E—l to E-9. Each general rate involves-the performance of
entrv—level tasks and lads to one or more ratings. Career patterns from recruit to muster chief petty ofﬁcer are identiﬁed by 4 to 5-dlglt codes. _

N'EC - The NEC Structure supplements the Enlisted Rating Structure by identifying skills requiring more speciﬁc identification than that provided
by general rates and ratings and that are not rating-wide requirements. Selected I‘ll-29$ have been evaluated hy ACE to date. . ‘ .

LDO. NWO » Limited Duty Ofﬁcer, Navy Warrant Ofﬁcer - Technical ofﬁcer specialists who perform duties that are technically oriented, with

skills acquired through experience and training that are limited in scope to other otﬁcer categories. These specialties are normally identiﬁed by 4
digits, ach successively providing more precise identiﬁcation ofthc individual holder.
Marine Corps:

MCE - an M05 has 4 ts and a descriptive title; the ﬁrst 2 digits normally describe the occupational field and the last 2 digits identify the
promotional level and specialty Within the occupation.

MCU - ofﬁcer MOSl
Coast Guard:

CGA - Coast Guard ufﬁur aviation competencies.

 

COR » Enlisted rating structurt used {or classified enlisted perronnel and qualiﬁcations, with career levels from recruit to master chiefpe"!
ofﬁcer.

GW - Coast Guard Warrant Officers are technical olfner specialists who perform duties that are technically oriented and Ia‘quil‘td through
“P"‘iwﬂ Ind "ﬁning “I" '5 limited in scope and relation to other uihm categories.
MATMEP - Maintenance 'l'r

.- - . - eut
ing Management and Evaluation Program, a standardised. documentaole. level»progresslve. technical SKIES Ill-fur:::m
and evaluation program fnren stud aviation iec cal maintenance training. lhl,‘ Summary sheet submitted by the semce member list: t eu-
level oftraitiing complelod and should he used by the evaluator Itl verify the an. eit level in awarding credit. .
DANTES - The Defense Activity for Nun-'l radiriurlal hdutllmn Support mum xins iii: ctluca Illl records of the serviceiueiuoen who have comltlsexd
DANTES subject Standardized Tcststuhs'l 5), (JULY examinations. and GED tests. For exa Illllll! administered at military installanonsi "5“
these tests may appear on .IST transcripts for consideration in the .ward at the recol

Ilcndcd dil. However, inleilIilll colleges Ind universities may
"5"“ the right I“ request "“1““ “'0’“ direl‘lly [rum E l b or lJAN [1.5. to coufir iii completion utthese eiianii and the credit; recommended

COLLEGE LEVEL EXAMINATION PItUbKAM ((LLI‘) - '1 he (.‘ulluge»l.evel Examination Program or (SLEl' provides students ofany age with the

 

 

  
 

  

   

opportunity to demonstrate college-level achievement through a praglum “f "n“. in uuderui'aduate college tours“ There I" 2.90“ tone“, that
grant credit and/or advanced standing for CLEP exams.

. 03/09/2018
** PROTECTED BY FERPA *“

of5

 

